release: v12.1.0 (#3305)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: CHANGELOG.md

> **Note**: Changes and additions listed here are contained in the `:edge` image tag. These changes may not be as stable as released changes.

## [v12.1.0](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/releases/tag/v12.1.0)

### Added

- Rspamd:
  - note about Rspamd's web interface ([#3245](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/3245))
  - add greylisting option & code refactoring ([#3206](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/3206))
  - added `HFILTER_HOSTNAME_UNKNOWN` and make it configurable ([#3248](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/3248))
  - add option to re-enable `reject_unknown_client_hostname` after #3248 ([#3255](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/3255))
  - add DKIM helper script ([#3286](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/3286))
- make `policyd-spf` configurable ([#3246](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/3246))
- add 'log' command to setup for Fail2Ban ([#3299](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/3299))

> - disallow alias = account ([#3270](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/3270))

Reviewer: I think that's the correct way to say it :sweat_smile: 

```suggestion
- `setup` command now expects accounts and aliases to be mutually exclusive ([#3270](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/3270))
```

Author: 👍🏼
